Phase 0, Week 0

I had the idea for this project while watching a lot sci-fi movies and reading a lot of sci-fi novels.
I was curious about how accurately the time dialation impacts were calcualted into the plot of the movies and was doing some math with Claude. 

we are currently living in uncertain times, and I won't lie that I feel a bit afraid of what the future holds. There is a fear of lagging behind the rapidy changing industry. 
As I jokingly? say to friends "Get on the AI hype train or get run over by the AI hype train" - but even if the hype train explodes "The market can stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent".

And so I thought this would be a great learning opportunity.
I am genuinely excited to work on this project and I want to use it as a means to learn all the modern tools and techniques that are rapidly evolving! 

My ultimately goal is to have a project that I can be super proud of :) 
and the super stretch goal one day I want to reach is to have a super fun rougelite game built on top of the physics library! 
Maybe players can have a lot of fun but also learn a lot about physics and the universe.

I hope to keep this part AI free. I want to write what I have on mind at the moment with 0 polish ; For this section grammatical and spelling errors are ok :)

Plato famously supposidely lamented the widespread usage of writing, arguing that it weakens the mind and encourages superficial understanding of "dead" text that misses all the deep nuances of spoken conversations that live on mind..
We laugh at such notions, but there is an element of truth to it.  This thought to comes to me with overreliance on AI weakening my mind.  Yet the irony is there that I am using AI to try and strengthen this very mind. 


I will try to on future updates
  1. reflect on what I have learned 
    a. what worked well when delegating to AI ? 
    b. what should I have trusted the AI tools with more ?
    c. what should I not offload to AI but rely on puny human brain for? 
  2. reflect on what I have struggled with 
  3. reflect on any surprises I have encounterd


Goals for next week: 
download and install necessary tools  
get started with Newtonian orbital stuff first